So friends, ICICI LBR has disclosed its Quarter 3
numbers.  So let's
see what's inside the Quarter 3 numbers.  The
data is basically in lakhs here.
I'm telling you Cross.  So, if we
talk about the last quarter,
in the last quarter the company had generated a total income of Rs 6582 crore.
Last year it was around Rs 5882 crore,
whereas if you look at it now, you can see it increasing to Rs 6610
crore.  So if we
go year after year, you are seeing
a significant increase in the company's revenue year after year.
You can approximately say that there is a jump of around 12% in the company's
revenue year on year, whereas if we
go on quarterly basis,
you have seen a slight jump on quarterly basis.  If you
look here, you can accelerate a little.  There
is a jump of about half.  So
you can make it almost flat on quarterly basis.  So the company's total income
is flat on quarterly basis.  Whereas it is seen increasing year by year.  Let us
look at the gross premium return of the company.  So see,
in the last quarter the company generated Rs 758 crore,
last year it generated Rs 6474 crore, whereas if you look at it now,
you can see the gross premium of the company going away to Rs 7432 crore.  So if you
look here, you can see it increasing year after year, quarter after quarter.
How much of the show has the company done, though?
Gross premium of around Rs 7432 crore has been
shown in this quarter.  Whereas the market
estimate was
around Rs 7326 crore.  So if you look here,
you are seeing that the market value is around what it was.  So you can say that the
gross premium is what you are getting
to see inline.  Let us
see what the company's expenses are.
So see, in the last quarter the company had
spent Rs 5830 crore.  5197 crores last year.   If you
look at it now, you can see the company's expenditure going up to Rs 639 crore.
So if you
look at the expenses,
you will see that the expenses are a little higher.  Let us
first see what the profit of the company is.
So if
you look at the operating profit first, it was Rs
752 crore in the last quarter.  Last year it was Rs 685
crore, whereas now it is around Rs 571 crore.
So if you look at the operating profit,
you are seeing it falling year after year, quarter after quarter.
And in such a situation, if we
talk about the net profit of the company, then
see, the net profit of the company in the last quarter
was Rs 819 crore, last year it was
around Rs 724 crore, whereas now you have seen it falling to Rs
658 crore.
So here you got to see a big surprise
because the profit of the company
is seen falling year after year, if you
look at both year and quarterly then you got to see a decline in the profit of the company,
you got to see a decline of around 10% year after year whereas the
market estimate was that it could be seen to increase by around 18 to 20%
because the company showed a profit of Rs 658 crores
whereas the market estimate was
around Rs 777 crores, so if you look here then
you are seeing the market estimate very low,
so
you are getting to see the profit very much below estimate.  Let us
see what is the EPS of the company.  So
see, the EPS of the company in the last quarter
was around ₹16.5, last year it was ₹1.5, if we
look at it now it is around ₹13.
So if you look at it overall,
you have seen the numbers a little weak because if you
look at the revenue, the revenue is fine because
you have seen as much premium income of the company as was required.  The
gross premium of the company is inline,
you can see it inline.  There
is a significant increase year after year.  But there was a decline in the company's net
profit and operating profit.
Whereas the market
felt that you would see a big jump.
So the profit is weak.  Revenue is being
seen in line.  So if you
look at it overall, you would say the results are a little weak.  Let's
see what the market
says about this.  If you like the video then please like it.
Also, please subscribe to the channel.
Thank you.